As for the dot that shows the center of rotation, i want it to not be visible during play.
Also, it doesnt actually show the point he camera is rotating around.

I want the Objects Categories in the left pannel to be colapsable.

I want the Objects in the right pannel to auto update.

I want the default for invisible objects to have the Visible toggle off. They will only be visible if the box is checked.

Add an indicator to spawn points to show which direction the player will be facing when they spawn.
-
Add to the Sprint settings under Player:
How long a player can sprint before needing to recharge
A meter under the health bar to show sprint

Make it so you cant sprint in the air unless you were already sprinting when you jumped or fell (momentum)
Add Air Dash (air sprint). It allows you to sprint in the air for a certian duration.
-
Add to Animation Path Checkpoints:
Duration of wait untill it moves to next point
Style of movement to next point (glide, snap, strict)
Speed to next point (when you make a point, the default is the default set speed)
Pause On Arrival (the animation will not continue until a function tells the path to resume)
-
[DONE] Make it so that if an object is moving in an animation or path and is part of a group that is moving sepratly, the entire animation path will move with the group. Example:
"An elevator on a spaceship is moving up and down. The spaceship starts moving, and the elevator follows, still moving up and down."

[DONE] Make platform movement with players smother. I still get camera shaking sometimes.

[DONE] Add world borders. If enabled in Grid Settings, the player can't go past the configured Min/Max X/Z boundaries.
-
Make the camera revolve around the point in the screen. Zooming adusts the distance to the point. Its like 3rd-person mode, and you can see the point.

Shadows dont appear to work.
->
The eraser erases based on where the moise pointer is, not where the block is touching.

I can see functions and other leftovers from other projects when i leave the project and open a new one.

Add croutching:
When the Shift button is pressed, the players height will change until released.

Add Keybind adjusting to controls in settings

Teleporting doesnt work properly. I dont know if its a problem with the trigger, or the function.

